New futures parameters (#1072)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/tutorials/proposals/new-market-proposal.md

| `maxFractionConsumed` | Maximum fraction of the order book's total volume, within the liquidity bounds, that the network can use to close its position. Range 0 through 1 | 0.05 |
| `disposalSlippageRange` | Decimal number greater than 0 specifying the range above and below the mid price within which the network will trade to dispose of its position. | 0.1 |

### Prediction market
Using the fields below, you can create a prediction market, or set a maximum settlement price, use binary settlement, require fully collateralised positions.

| Field | Description | Possible value |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| `cap`| Fields in this optional section determine if a market has a max price, binary settlement, and if positions must be fully collateralised. | |

> | `binarySettlement` | If set to true, the market's settlement price will be 0 or the max price. If set to false, any price up to max price can be considered for settlement. When a market settles, the payout (or lack thereof) is based on which side of the outcome a participant's position is on. | true or false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `binarySettlement` | If set to true, the market's settlement price will be 0 or the max price. If set to false, any price up to max price can be considered for settlement. When a market settles, the final settlement cashflow is based on which side of the outcome a participant's position is on. | true or false |
```

| `maxPrice` | Sets the highest possible settlement price. Use market decimal places to set this value. For example, 2 market decimals with a price cap of 3 would be 300. Must be greater than 0, if used. | 10000 |

> | `fullyCollateralised` | If set to true, the market will require participants' positions to be fully collateralised (no margin), and thus no market participants can be liquidated. | true or false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fullyCollateralised` | If set to true, the market will require participants' positions to be fully collateralised, and thus no market participants can be liquidated. | true or false |
```
